at the beginning of fire
and man began to control
it is assumed that approximately half a million years ago man began to
heat food
Teresa erase conservation improved decisively thanks to the application
heat
the stoves became an integral part of the home
millennia later the possibilities of consuming food increase
treated with thermal methods
if everyone was developed according to each culture special characteristics
and cooking techniques
monitoring the cooking process then required a lot of time and special
Attention
industrialization professionalized culinary methods but not the
control of cooking processes
the urgency and the stress continued influencing a final result
but it was still necessary to control the cooking processes
modern cooking methods currently determine the rhythm
daily
3 - surveillance persists
from the stone age until the present the problem had not been solved
problem of monitoring and caring for cooking processes
until now
time for the essential
cooking is art and passion
also expertise and experience
time for the creative baking of menus
with love for all the details and culinary finesse
the cook makes a comise a delicacy
time to buy with the greatest attention
Inspiration and creativity are the soul of good eating
time for the perfection of the amisom clear a good cook needs time
and calm to concentrate on the essential
time for creativity and it's mere to garnish
from the first idea the acquisition to the last position
the national stressed that in centering it provides enough time for
essential
that's why I became a chef